chore: update 0.75 deployment notes (#1017)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/node-operators/migration-guides/upgrade-node.md

## Study the changes between versions

Before upgrading your node software, **review the changelog** for [v0.75.0 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.0), [v0.75.1 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.1), [v0.75.2 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.2), [v0.75.3 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.3), [v0.75.4 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.4) and [v0.75.5 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.5) for a list of breaking API changes compared to the previously released version.

## Before you upgrade

> Please read the changelog to see all the changes. Below you can find a list of the changes you must perform before the upgrade to v0.75.6 in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the changelogs to see all the changes. Below you can find a list of the changes you must perform before the upgrade to [v0.75.6 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.6).
```

We recommend checking all of the changes on your own. Follow the below instructions to do it, and read through every description to understand the changes:

1. Download vega `v0.75.6`
2. Generate config files within the temp home directory
  - vega config
  - comet BFT config
  - data-node config
3. Compare the new generated file in the temp location and the old file to see the differences.

> Note: For the mainnet release, you'll need to download vega `v0.75.6` when it's available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
